Update mongodb.md (#4924)
percona/pmm: documentation/docs/install-pmm/install-pmm-client/connect-database/mongodb.md

  
#### Minimum privileges

This role grants the essential minimum privileges needed for monitoring and QAN:

```javascript
db.getSiblingDB("admin").createRole({
"role": "pmmMonitor",
"privileges": [
    {
    "resource": { "db": "", "collection": "" },
    "actions": [ "dbHash", "find", "listIndexes", "listCollections", "collStats", "dbStats", "indexStats" ]
    },
    {
    "resource": { "db": "", "collection": "system.version" },
    "actions": [ "find" ]
    },
    {
    "resource": { "db": "", "collection": "system.profile" },
    "actions": [ "dbStats", "collStats", "indexStats" ]
    }         
],
"roles": [ ]
})
```
        
#### Full backup management privileges

If you plan to use PMM's backup features, also create a role with full backup management privileges:

```javascript
db.getSiblingDB("admin").createRole({
    "role": "pbmAnyAction",
    "privileges": [
    {
        "resource": { "anyResource": true  },
        "actions": [ "anyAction" ]
    }
    ],
    "roles": []
});
```

### Create user and assign created role

> After creating the custom role(s), create the PMM user and assign the role(s) based on your MongoDB version and requirements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After creating the custom roles, create the PMM user and assign the roles based on your MongoDB version and requirements:
```
